Introduction
Welcome to the --- Data Science Coding Challenge! We use this exercise to learn more about your coding style and problem solving approach.
Please have fun and contact your recruiter if you have any questions. Below is some important information regarding this coding challenge.
Time Limit: You have 2 days to complete this challenge once it is sent. If you have any concerns about meeting this deadline, please let us know.

Data Description:
The data set contains a csv file tags.csv, where each line is a set of related tags. You can think of these tags being associated with multiple different
articles on a media website. The csv file contains 1000 lines and the first 5 lines look something like this:

"physical_entity", "object", "thread", "remains", "blade", "physical_object",
"archeological_remains", "ribbon", "physical_entity", "engine", "substance", "plaster", "matter",
"causal_agency", "mixture", "glop", "causal_agent", "roughcast", "cause","physical_entity", "scanning",
"radiography", "physical_process", "process", "photography", "autoradiography", "accession", "increase", "growth", "increment", "skiagraphy",
"physical_entity", "substance", "grandiosity", "grandiloquence", "style", "abstraction", "rant", "magniloquence", "expressive_style", "communication", "claptrap", "rhetoric", "terseness", "blah", "bombast", "brevity", "ornateness", "fustian", "voice", "abstract_entity"

Question 1:
Suppose we randomly select a row from the tags.csv file. Write a function that takes as input any tag and returns the probability that
it appears in the randomly selected row. Report the probability that the tag "thing" will appear in the randomly selected row.


Question 2:
Write a function that takes as input any two tags and returns the probability of finding the second tag in a row containing the first tag.
Report the following two numbers:
A. The probability of finding a tag named "physical_entity" in a row that contains the tag named "object."
B. The probability of finding a tag named "object" in a row that contains the tag named physical_entity.

Question 3:
Suppose we randomly select N rows from the tags.csv with replacement. Write a function that takes as input two positive integers K and N and
returns the pairs of tags that have a good chance (greater than 50%) of appearing together on at least K rows from the random sample of N rows.
Report any pair of tags that have a good chance of appearing together on at least 10 rows from a random sample of 100 rows.
